CNV-36689: Instructions about how to log CNV bugs in Jira (#82835)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/support/virt-support-overview.adoc

toc::[]

You can request assistance from Red Hat Support, report bugs, collect data about your environment, and monitor the health of your cluster and virtual machines (VMs) with the following tools.

[id="opening-support-tickets_{context}"]
== Opening support tickets

If you have encountered an issue that requires immediate assistance from Red Hat Support, you can submit a support case.

If you want to report a bug, you can create a Jira issue directly.

[id="submitting-support-case_{context}"]
=== Submitting a support case

To request support from Red Hat Support, follow xref:../../support/getting-support.adoc#support-submitting-a-case_getting-support[the instructions for submitting a support case].

> It is helpful to collect debugging data to provide the data with your request for support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is helpful to collect debugging data to include with your support request.
```

[id="collecting-data-for-red-hat-support_{context}"]
==== Collecting data for Red Hat Support

You can gather debugging information by performing the following steps:

xref:../../virt/support/virt-collecting-virt-data.adoc#virt-collecting-data-about-your-environment_virt-collecting-virt-data[Collecting data about your environment]::
Configure Prometheus and Alertmanager and collect `must-gather` data for {product-title} and {VirtProductName}.

xref:../../virt/support/virt-collecting-virt-data.adoc#virt-collecting-data-about-vms_virt-collecting-virt-data[Collecting data about VMs]::
Collect `must-gather` data and memory dumps from VMs.

// must-gather not supported for ROSA/OSD, per Dustin Row
ifndef::openshift-rosa,openshift-dedicated[]
xref:../../virt/support/virt-collecting-virt-data.adoc#virt-using-virt-must-gather_virt-collecting-virt-data[`must-gather` tool for {VirtProductName}]::
Configure and use the `must-gather` tool.

> endif::openshift-rosa,openshift-dedicated[]

Reviewer: The first two items in this section use `must-gather`, but the "configure" link is at the end. Is this something to do first/move to the top of the list?

[id="virt-creating-jira-issue_{context}"]
=== Creating a Jira issue

> If you want to report a bug, you can create a Jira issue directly by filling out the form on the link:https://issues.redhat.com/secure/CreateIssueDetails!init.jspa?pid=12323181&issuetype=1&priority=10200[*Create Issue*] page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To report a bug, you can create a Jira issue directly by filling out the form on the link:https://issues.redhat.com/secure/CreateIssueDetails!init.jspa?pid=12323181&issuetype=1&priority=10200[*Create Issue*] page.
```

[id="virt-web-console_{context}"]
== Web console monitoring

> You can monitor the health of your cluster and virtual machines (VMs) by using the {product-title} web console. The web console displays resource usage, alerts, events, and trends for your cluster and for {VirtProductName} components and resources.

Reviewer: Already defined on this page above
```suggestion
You can monitor the health of your cluster and (VMs by using the {product-title} web console. The web console displays resource usage, alerts, events, and trends for your cluster and for {VirtProductName} components and resources.
```
